---
---

<Collapse defaultActiveKey="raiding">
<Panel header="Social culture" key="social-culture">

While many guilds operate with a core focus on a certain aspect of the game, or as a place to casually hang out and have a tag to wear, [Liar] takes a different approach. Our core focus is human interaction. We cover a wide variety of in-game activities, but what we really strive to be is a home away from home for gamers. We encourage our members to be more than just a group of people wearing the same guild tag, but rather to reach out to other members of the guild and become friends.

Membership in [Liar] means we see you as part of our guild, as if it were a living organism. The things that happen in this guild happen because of you. Events, pick up groups, and social gatherings are a fluid system and function only when members take a step forward to organize them. We encourage all members to use the discord as if it were the platform on which you played the game. Many of us keep it running at all times, even when we aren't playing.

You can use our #looking-for-group channel to help party up with other guildies when looking to do content (the tag @here will notify everyone who is online currently, or @member if you want to give a shoutout to try and organize something in the future). Or, you can hop into one of our active voice channels to see what everyone else is up to. Many of us like to play a variety of games together, and to take the [Liar] community beyond the constraints of Guild Wars 2.

That being said, we understand that many people are shy or slow to open up, so please don't feel pressured to jump right into things at full swing. However know that the guild will be as great a place as you help make it!

</Panel>

<Panel header="Inclusivity" key="inclusivity">

Mutual respect is super important to everyone in [Liar]. We have a
zero-tolerance policy when it comes to discriminatory behaviour, which
includes but isn't limited to: racism, sexism, homophobia, ableism, abuse,
hatred, and toxicity. With that in mind, we also don't want to foster an
environment where everyone feels like they are walking on glass when it comes
to what they should and should not say. Please remember that everyone is
human, and sometimes we slip up. In general, jokes should be in good taste and
shouldn't require someone to have to know you personally to know how serious
you are about your comments. You can always bring any concerns with a member
up to an officer or leader, and are encouraged to work out your differences
with your fellow members.

</Panel>

<Panel header="The Alliance" key="the-alliance">

Since [Liar] was formed back in the days of Guild Wars 1, we were a part of
the old alliance system which allowed a group of guilds to ally together for
in-game activities and chat. And while the GW2 alliance system is still in
development, we've stuck to our roots as part of alliances with both [AoL]
Army of Lightness and [RLR] The Lords of Dragonheart. Together, we assemble
multiple times weekly for events that members from all these guilds are
invited to participate in. Currently we participate in several varying PvE
alliance events, which focus on community building and different in-game
activities. We also run several weekly raid and raid training groups. [Liar]
members are welcome to join up on [AoL]'s discord and [RLR]'s teamspeak
servers for these events as well as general socializing. We additionally have
welcomed Knights of the Silver Chalice [KSC] to the alliance, and do raid
training and other things with them.

</Panel>

<Panel header="Ranks" key="ranks">

We use guild ranks in [Liar] as our primary method of keeping track of each member's activity with the guild. While we don't require that members represent the guild in game, we do like to acknowledge those who choose [Liar] as their main guild. Additionally, an active member is more to us than just someone who reps. We are strongly community-focused and thus appreciate it when our members use discord and guild chat frequently, attend events, and spend time gaming with other guildies. Here is a brief rundown of our different ranks:

**Rookie**: Introductory rank where all new members start. Members remain at this rank for 7-10 days, and are then either promoted to _Member_ or _Friend_. Has no in-game permissions.

**Member**: Members of the guild who routinely represent, attend events, and participate in guild chat as well as discord voice and text chat. Can place decorations and access the guild stash. Has priority for limited-space guild events such as raids.

**Friend**: Members of the guild who do not meet the above _Member_ expectations. Has no in-game permissions. Still considered a "member" on discord, and welcome to partipate in the guild in any capacity. _Friends_ who show increased activity can be promoted to Member.

**Veteran**: Long-term active _Members_ who go above and beyond expectations, and consistently represent. _Veterans_ are promoted on a case-by-case basis after an officer consensus. Minimum 3 months membership required, however this does not guarantee a promotion. Has full guild bank access in addition to member privileges.

**Officer**: Promoted at the discretion of the leader. Responsible for recruiting, managing discord, dispute resolution, guild-building initiatives, etc. If you are interested in helping lead the guild as an officer, contact _@Lucky_.

**Ally**: Members of other guilds from the official alliance. This includes [AoL], [RLR], and [REQT]. Has no in-game permissions. Has its own role on discord as well.

**Hibernating**: _Members_ and _Rookies_ who have not logged in game or participated on discord recently. _Member_ or _Friend_ rank will be restored once you return. We do not kick for inactivity.

</Panel>

<Panel header="Raiding" key="raiding">

While [Liar] is not a heavily raid-focused guild, we do have a long history of running raid events for both the guild, alliance, and pick up groups. Our veteran raid leaders have been raiding since day 1, and know what makes both a successful raid group and a successful raider. The aim of our raid events is to teach new raiders not only how to approach the raid encounters themselves but how to develop a mentality that will make you successful. Because of this, our raid groups are not for everyone. We make it clear that anyone joining our raids should have a desire to be an active contributing member of the group, who intends on commiting to raiding with us long-term, and focusing on making personal progression. While we appreciate that it can be fun to mess around in a raid environment, our groups are focused on trying to be as successful as possible in these raid encounters. We generally run for about 2 hours, and try to get as many boss kills as possible.

That being said, we do acknowledge that we are not a raiding guild, and will be picking up people with varying levels of experience. Brand new raiders are more than welcome to join us and learn the ropes, as long as they are willing to put in the time and effort to acquire proper gear, learn and practice popular raid builds for their class, and show respect for the intense difficulty that comes with this game mode. We don't currently run any "static" groups in the guild, nor do we require that our raiders show up to every raid event. Instead, we leave it up to you to decide if you want to be a consistent member of our raid team, or a backup/filler for when we are short on people.

A more detailed run-down of our how our raids work can be found on our raid page. All raid inquiries should be directed to our current raid officer: _@Curo_. You can message him in game or on discord, and are encouraged to talk to our more experienced raiders if you need help learning builds, aquiring gear, or finding online resources.

</Panel>
</Collapse>
